1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
		* 
		'hello'
		-87.8
		- 
		/ 


		6 

Ans : numeric values (-87.8,6)
	  character value ("hello")
	  
2. What is the difference between string and variable?
Ans : string is a group of character in qotes where as variable have value in it and it will vary accourding its value.
	  EX:- name = "Rohan"
	  In this name is variable while Rohan is String

3. Describe three different data types.
Ans : Different Type of data types are:-
		String,Nuberic,Dictnary,Set,Tuples

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
Ans : An expression is a combination of operators and operands that is interpreted to produce some other value.
	  In any programming language, an expression is evaluated as per the precedence of its operators

5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
Ans :  An Expression always evaluates to a value. And, A statement does something,
	   like creating a variable or displaying a value, it only does whatever the statement says.

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
Ans : bacon = 22 (because it did not save + 1 value in bacon)


7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3
Ans: "spamspamspam"
	 "spamspamspam"
	 
8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
Ans : vairable name never start with numeric value that is  why eggs is valid.


9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
Ans : for integer : int()
	  for Float values : float()
	  for String values : str()
	  
10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'
Ans : "I have eaten " + str(99) + "burritos."

