1. To what does a relative path refer?
Ans : path module is sub module of OS module in Python used for common path name 
	  manipulation. os. path. relpath() method in Python is used to get a relative filepath
	  to the given path either from the current working directory or from the given directory.
	  
2. What does an absolute path start with your operating system?
Ans : An absolute path is a path that contains the entire path to the file or directory that you need to access.
	  This path will begin at the home directory of your computer and will end with the file or directory that you wish to access.
	  Absolute paths ensure that Python can find the exact file on your computer
	  
	  
3. What do the functions os.getcwd() and os.chdir() do?
Ans : os.getcwd() -> get current working directory path.
	  os.chdir() ->  change current working directory to given path.
	  
4. What are the . and .. folders?
Ans : if Current Working Directory is "C://alfa/gama/lembda" with the help of "../" we can jump to privous directory.
		"C://alfa/gama".
	  ./ represent all directory will search automaticallly.

5. In C:\bacon\eggs\spam.txt, which part is the dir name, and which part is the base name?
Ans: C:\bacon\eggs is Directory Name. 
	 spam.txt is Base name.
	 
6. What are the three “mode” arguments that can be passed to the open() function?
Ans: open(path_of_file,mode)
	 modes:- rb (reading), wb(writting) etc.
	 
7. What happens if an existing file is opened in write mode?
Ans: We can edit file and do modification with existing file.

8. How do you tell the difference between read() and readlines()?
Ans : The main difference is that read() will read the whole file at once and then print out the first characters that take up as 
	  many bytes as you specify in the parenthesis versus the readline() that will read and print out only the
	  first characters that take up as many bytes as you specify in the parenthesis
	  
9. What data structure does a shelf value resemble?
Ans :	A shelf value resembles a dictionary value; it has keys and values, along with keys() and values() methods that work similarly to the
		dictionary methods of the same names.