1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
Ans : Function are group of program lines which is design to perform certain task ans it return output if needed.
	  Function Reduce the size of coding because of repeated calling o same function will reduce few lines in coding.
	  It make code little more Organised.
	  
2. When does the code in a function run: when it&#39;s specified or when it&#39;s called?
Ans : pass

3. What statement creates a function?
Ans : def Function_name(Variables_name):
			function_body
			return Output value
			
4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
Ans : A function is a block of code which only runs when it is called.
	  You can pass data, known as parameters, into a function. A function can return data as a result.
	  eg : def to_called():
				print("Some one Called me")
		   
		   to_called() #we call this fumction
	  Output :- 
			Some one Called me
			
5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
Ans : name = "Ravi"  #Globel variable
	  def print_name():
			name = "Vivek" #Local variable
			print(f"My name is {name}) 
	  print(f"My name is {name} 2.")
	  
	  Output :-
			My name is Vivek
			My name is Ravi 2.
			
6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
Ans : For each new Function Called local variables will be restart to its orignal vale during initilisation.

7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
Ans : In Function we have Facility to Return any value inside function.
	  Yes if we Write expression insde any function and return its output.
	  ex :- def add(num1, num2):
				return num1 + num2
			add(5,6)
	  Output : 
			11 #Return the ans of expression
			
8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
Ans : It will execute the Function and return none.

9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
Ans : By adding Prefix "Globel" before Variable

10. What is the data type of None?
Ans : None is a class name NoneType

11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
Ans : Open Apendex C which is a python book.

12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
Ans : Object of bacon.

13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
Ans : use of try - except for executing values.

14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
Ans : try will execute the command and if any error occur it will rase exceptions and we can handle them.
		try : 
			code body
		except :
			print("Error in code")
			